README.md, before:

# GodelTech.Data

.NET library to access data storage with Unit of Work, Repository and Entity classes

## Overview

`GodelTech.Data` project has interfaces for Unit of Work and Repository pattern.
Implementation of it for [Entity Framework Core](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/) can be found in library [GodelTech.Data.EntityFrameworkCore](https://github.com/GodelTech/GodelTech.Data.EntityFrameworkCore)

## Extensions

You can find Repository extensions using `QueryParameters` and `ISpecification` that allows you create requests easier.

`QueryParameters.cs`
```csharp
public class QueryParameters<TEntity, TKey>
    where TEntity : class, IEntity<TKey>
{
    public FilterRule<TEntity, TKey> Filter { get; set; }

    public SortRule<TEntity, TKey> Sort { get; set; }

    public PageRule Page { get; set; }
}
```

`SpecificationBase.cs`
```csharp
public abstract class SpecificationBase<TEntity, TKey> : CompositeSpecification<TEntity, TKey>
    where TEntity : class, IEntity<TKey>
{
    public override bool IsSatisfiedBy(TEntity candidate) => AsExpression().Compile().Invoke(candidate);

    public abstract Expression<Func<TEntity, bool>> AsExpression();
}
```

## Build

[![Azure DevOps builds (master)](https://img.shields.io/azure-devops/build/GodelTech/19324bbd-9baf-4407-b86d-3e7f0d145399/55/master?style=flat-square)](https://dev.azure.com/GodelTech/OpenSource/_build/latest?definitionId=55&branchName=master)
[![Azure DevOps tests (master)](https://img.shields.io/azure-devops/tests/GodelTech/OpenSource/55/master?style=flat-square)](https://dev.azure.com/GodelTech/OpenSource/_build/latest?definitionId=55&branchName=master)
[![Azure DevOps coverage (master)](https://img.shields.io/azure-devops/coverage/GodelTech/OpenSource/55/master?style=flat-square)](https://dev.azure.com/GodelTech/OpenSource/_build/latest?definitionId=55&branchName=master)
[![Sonar Quality Gate](https://img.shields.io/sonar/quality_gate/GodelTech.Data?server=https%3A%2F%2Fsonarcloud.io&style=flat-square)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=GodelTech.Data)
[![Sonar Tech Debt](https://img.shields.io/sonar/tech_debt/GodelTech.Data?server=https%3A%2F%2Fsonarcloud.io&style=flat-square)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=GodelTech.Data)
[![Sonar Violations](https://img.shields.io/sonar/violations/GodelTech.Data?format=long&server=https%3A%2F%2Fsonarcloud.io&style=flat-square)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=GodelTech.Data)

## Artifacts

[![Azure DevOps builds (Artifacts)](https://img.shields.io/azure-devops/build/GodelTech/19324bbd-9baf-4407-b86d-3e7f0d145399/55/master?stage=Artifacts&style=flat-square)](https://dev.azure.com/GodelTech/OpenSource/_build/latest?definitionId=55&branchName=master)

## NuGet

[![Azure DevOps builds (NuGet)](https://img.shields.io/azure-devops/build/GodelTech/19324bbd-9baf-4407-b86d-3e7f0d145399/55/master?stage=NuGet&style=flat-square)](https://dev.azure.com/GodelTech/OpenSource/_build/latest?definitionId=55&branchName=master)
[![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/GodelTech.Data?style=flat-square)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/GodelTech.Data)
[![Nuget (with prereleases)](https://img.shields.io/nuget/vpre/GodelTech.Data?style=flat-square)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/GodelTech.Data)
[![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/dt/GodelTech.Data?style=flat-square)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/GodelTech.Data)
[![Libraries.io dependency status for specific release](https://img.shields.io/librariesio/release/NuGet/GodelTech.Data/latest?style=flat-square)](https://libraries.io/NuGet/GodelTech.Data)

Commit message:

Updated README to match Godel Opensource standard

README.md, after:

# GodelTech.Data

## Description
GodelTech.Data is a .NET library designed to facilitate access to data storage using the Unit of Work, Repository, and Entity design patterns. It provides interfaces for implementing these patterns and includes support for Entity Framework Core through the [GodelTech.Data.EntityFrameworkCore](https://github.com/GodelTech/GodelTech.Data.EntityFrameworkCore) library.

## Overview

`GodelTech.Data` project has interfaces for Unit of Work and Repository pattern.
Implementation of it for [Entity Framework Core](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/) can be found in library [GodelTech.Data.EntityFrameworkCore](https://github.com/GodelTech/GodelTech.Data.EntityFrameworkCore)

## Extensions

You can find Repository extensions using `QueryParameters` and `ISpecification` that allows you create requests easier.

`QueryParameters.cs`
```csharp
public class QueryParameters<TEntity, TKey>
    where TEntity : class, IEntity<TKey>
{
    public FilterRule<TEntity, TKey> Filter { get; set; }

    public SortRule<TEntity, TKey> Sort { get; set; }

    public PageRule Page { get; set; }
}
```

`SpecificationBase.cs`
```csharp
public abstract class SpecificationBase<TEntity, TKey> : CompositeSpecification<TEntity, TKey>
    where TEntity : class, IEntity<TKey>
{
    public override bool IsSatisfiedBy(TEntity candidate) => AsExpression().Compile().Invoke(candidate);

    public abstract Expression<Func<TEntity, bool>> AsExpression();
}
```

## Build

[![Azure DevOps builds (master)](https://img.shields.io/azure-devops/build/GodelTech/19324bbd-9baf-4407-b86d-3e7f0d145399/55/master?style=flat-square)](https://dev.azure.com/GodelTech/OpenSource/_build/latest?definitionId=55&branchName=master)
[![Azure DevOps tests (master)](https://img.shields.io/azure-devops/tests/GodelTech/OpenSource/55/master?style=flat-square)](https://dev.azure.com/GodelTech/OpenSource/_build/latest?definitionId=55&branchName=master)
[![Azure DevOps coverage (master)](https://img.shields.io/azure-devops/coverage/GodelTech/OpenSource/55/master?style=flat-square)](https://dev.azure.com/GodelTech/OpenSource/_build/latest?definitionId=55&branchName=master)
[![Sonar Quality Gate](https://img.shields.io/sonar/quality_gate/GodelTech.Data?server=https%3A%2F%2Fsonarcloud.io&style=flat-square)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=GodelTech.Data)
[![Sonar Tech Debt](https://img.shields.io/sonar/tech_debt/GodelTech.Data?server=https%3A%2F%2Fsonarcloud.io&style=flat-square)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=GodelTech.Data)
[![Sonar Violations](https://img.shields.io/sonar/violations/GodelTech.Data?format=long&server=https%3A%2F%2Fsonarcloud.io&style=flat-square)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=GodelTech.Data)

## Artifacts

[![Azure DevOps builds (Artifacts)](https://img.shields.io/azure-devops/build/GodelTech/19324bbd-9baf-4407-b86d-3e7f0d145399/55/master?stage=Artifacts&style=flat-square)](https://dev.azure.com/GodelTech/OpenSource/_build/latest?definitionId=55&branchName=master)

## NuGet

[![Azure DevOps builds (NuGet)](https://img.shields.io/azure-devops/build/GodelTech/19324bbd-9baf-4407-b86d-3e7f0d145399/55/master?stage=NuGet&style=flat-square)](https://dev.azure.com/GodelTech/OpenSource/_build/latest?definitionId=55&branchName=master)
[![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/GodelTech.Data?style=flat-square)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/GodelTech.Data)
[![Nuget (with prereleases)](https://img.shields.io/nuget/vpre/GodelTech.Data?style=flat-square)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/GodelTech.Data)
[![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/dt/GodelTech.Data?style=flat-square)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/GodelTech.Data)
[![Libraries.io dependency status for specific release](https://img.shields.io/librariesio/release/NuGet/GodelTech.Data/latest?style=flat-square)](https://libraries.io/NuGet/GodelTech.Data)

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more details.
